[Magic Firewall] Added best practice content (#3323)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/magic-firewall/src/content/how-to/add-rules.md

# Rules

You can check for an existing root ruleset from the dashboard or via the [Account rulesets API](https://api.cloudflare.com/#account-rulesets-properties). If you are a new Magic Transit customer, you may not have a root ruleset created for your account. To view examples for root rulesets, review the [Magic Firewall Terraform documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cloudflare/cloudflare/latest/docs/resources/magic_firewall_ruleset).

> By default, you can create a maximum of 100 rules, and you can create lists of IP addresses for referencing within rules to minimize the number of rules you need to configure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, you can create a maximum of 100 rules. We recommend you create lists of IP addresses to reference within rules to streamline rule management.
```

Reviewer: Or something breaking up the thoughts a bit.
